HSH(1)

NAME
        HSH - command interpreter

SYNOPSIS
        HSH [COMMAND] [ARGUMENTS]

DESCRIPTION
        hsh is a shell, it will run commands read from a command line string, standard input, or a specific file, and usually runs other programs.
        This man page is not intended to be a tutorial or a complete selection of hsh.

        hsh prompts for input before each command in interactive mode.

        if you enter an empty line, hsh will show the prompt again.

        hsh first loads the paths where the programs the user wants to run are likely to be.

        hsh handles flags only from external programs.

        command search
                check that it is not an alias.

                check that it is not a built-in system command. the shell's built-in commands do not require the execution of an external program.

                if it is none of the above, then the shell checks that the "ls" program exists. what the system does is look for the directories
                stored in the environment variable, called "PATH", which contains a list of directories and paths and checks that ls is in any of the
                directories, the commands that contain slash simply check if is a valid directory

                If any program fails in non-interactive mode, we will get the exit code of that program.

                to use the non-iterative mode we send the command to the hsh separating it with pipelines, example:
                        echo "/bin/ls" | ./hsh


ENVIROMENT
        PATH    The default search path for executables.

        PWD     The logical value of the current working directory.
       
	OLDPWD  The previous logical value of the current working directory.


EXAMPLES

	1. Execute a shell command from non-interactive mode

		$ echo "/bin/ls" | ./hsh

	2. Execute a shell command from interactive mode

		first the shell is opened wich ./hsh and then we execute the command:

		$ ls -la


EXIT
        You can exit with exit command, hsh will exit with EXIT_SUCCESS

AUTHORS
        Enmanuel Hernandez and Jesus Hernandez



